Help! Pervert!
Okay, okay, okay.
Pinky swear.
Brother Zhan Tian.
Here.
Let me feed you.
Zhan Tian.
Brother Zhan Tian.
How do you feel?
How is it?
Young Master.
What's wrong?
I was thinking in my dream
about how to unify things in Haicheng.
I see.
Even when the Young Master is asleep,
he still cares about the world.
Truly a role model for us all.
Xue Ning.
It's getting dark.
Hurry back and rest.
Yes.
Strange.
Why did that dream
feel so real?
Hahaha.
Sister Xuejiao,
I'm just a scumbag minor villain.
Tell me, why do you
keep pestering me?
No.
Is it you?
Why?
What woman doesn't like
a handsome, rich,
Right, right, right.
gentle,
kind,
Kind?
and understanding man?
Besides,
your Lu Family
is Haicheng's
number one family.
Haicheng's
I get it now.
What do you get?
All of this is because our family
is too rich.
I just need to make them
no longer one of Haicheng's Four Great Families,
and that'll do it, right?
Hahaha.
Why is my button undone?
Sister Xuejiao,
you're being naughty.
No way.
Not again.
Will this ever end?
Xuejiao.
Wake up.
It's morning.
Go.
It hurts.
Stop whining.
Get up quickly.
Leave through the back.
You brat!
Look at the time, and you're still in bed!
Xuejiao?
You...
Mom!
Let me explain.
Dad!
What are you doing?
Uncle and Auntie,
please don't be mad.
Brother Chengwen...
He didn't force me to drink.
It's my fault.
Xu Xuejiao!
Where's your tough act from last night?
What are you pretending for now?
Do you think this acting can fool my parents?
You're embarrassing yourself.
Stop playing the victim!
How can you say that, you brat?
Are you even human?
Dad!
Why are you hitting me?
I didn't do anything last night!
You still say you didn't do anything?
Xuejiao,
don't be afraid.
Tell Auntie,
did he bully you yesterday?
Brother Chengwen,
don't be like this.
You were the one who insisted on...
giving me a physical exam.
I was scared of you,
What?
so I agreed.
Xu Xuejiao!
You're framing me!
How dare you yell at her!
I'll beat you to death!
No!
Dad!
Stop hitting me!
Stop!
Hit him!
Beat him to death!
If he dies, we'll pretend we never had this son!
Bullying a girl like that!
Dad!
Stop hitting him!
It's all my fault.
I just like Brother Chengwen too much.
I made the first move.
If you want to hit someone, hit me!
Dad?
Xuejiao...
You...
What did you just call me?
Dad.
Ah...
Oh God...
Is this witch
sent by you to torture me to death?
The economic circle is doing okay.
Brother Chengwen,
your family's heirloom bracelet is so pretty.
Does it match my skin tone?
Let go.
Have some decency in public!
Go back and sit down.
Xuejiao,
your bracelet is quite nice.
I think I've seen it somewhere.
This is Brother Chengwen's family's
heirloom bracelet for their daughter-in-law.
If we hadn't suddenly been notified
to attend a meeting today,
Uncle and Auntie
would have called my dad to propose.
Xuejiao,
haven't you noticed
that Brother Chengwen is annoyed by you?
This is just how we flirt.
Outsiders wouldn't understand.
Hello, Chairman Zhao.
Chairman Zhao.
Hello, Chairman.
Please, take a seat.
Sit, sit, sit.
Today, all of you
are the business elites of Haicheng.
I won't beat around the bush.
The South City project remains unfinished,
severely affecting the local economy.
So, having everyone here today,
I hope that financially,
you all can
provide some support.
Once I squander the Lu Family's fortune,
let's see if any of you
will still cling to a poor guy like me.
Chairman Zhao,
who doesn't know
the Lu Family leads Haicheng's Four Great Families?
As long as the Lu Family pays the bulk,
what does it matter if the rest of us chip in?
Right?
You just had to cross me, didn't you?
Fine.
I'll show you my skills in squandering money.
Chairman Zhao,
for this project,
our Lu Family will take the lead.
I'll invest.
He wasn't talking nonsense yesterday.
This Lu Chengwen...
What scheme is he up to?
Chengwen
is really getting harder to understand.
Lu Chengwen,
just tell us how much you're putting in.
Five billion.
If it's less than five billion,
don't even mention it.
It's not even worth looking at.
Five billion?
Well...
What's wrong?
You can't even part with five billion?
You're only good at talking big, huh?
No.
I just think
five billion
is a bit too little.
I'll invest
fifty billion.
Now you guys chip in.
Mr. Lu,
you truly are a model
for the businesses in Haicheng.
Fifty billion?
Chairman Zhao,
fifty billion.
With Mr. Lu making such a huge investment,
do you really think he will
honestly follow the original plan?
I'm afraid that as it goes on,
it will just become a tool
for his Lu Family to rake in money.
That's right.
Since I'm investing so much money,
I definitely won't follow the original plan.
Chairman Zhao,
the original planning for this project
is indeed fine.
The South City construction project
can be expanded around here,
turning the surrounding area into a
large-scale commercial district.
Then, right in the middle, we can put a
large stadium.
Not only will the South City district get a new look,
but the economy of the entire South City
might also be driven up.
Even a hundred billion might not be enough.
When the capital chain breaks,
the economy of the entire Haicheng
will be dragged down.
Mr. Lu,
according to your plan,
the risks
are indeed very high.
Chairman Zhao,
what if my Leng Family is also willing to join in?
Qingqiu.
This doesn't concern you.
Sit down.
Go on.
The Leng Family will invest in the Chengnan project.
I'll inject five billion.
Our Xu Family will also invest.
Ten billion.
You...
The Chen Family.
Twenty billion.
I'm trying to squander my fortune.
What are you all doing?
Do you have to race each other to court death?